Added quality declaration (#21)
ros-tooling/libstatistics_collector: QUALITY_DECLARATION.md

> This document is a declaration of software quality for the `libstatistics_collector` package, based on the guidelines in [REP-2004](https://github.com/ros-infrastructure/rep/blob/rep-2004/rep-2004.rst).

Reviewer: The REP-2004 link is broken, expected?

Reviewer 2: This is expected, eventually the rep-2004 PR will be merged...

Reviewer 3: I think we should use the published link: https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2004.html

# `libstatistics_collector` Quality Declaration

The package `libstatistics_collector` claims to be in the **Quality Level 4** category.

Below are the rationales, notes, and caveats for this claim, organized by each requirement listed in the [Package Quality Categories in REP-2004](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#package-quality-categories) of the ROS2 developer guide.

## Version Policy [1]

### Version Scheme [1.i]

`libstatistics_collector` uses `semver` according to the recommendation for ROS Core packages in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#versioning)

### Version Stability [1.ii]

`libstatistics_collector` is at a stable version (`>= 1.0.0`.)
The current version can be found in its [package.xml](package.xml), and its change history can be found in its [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.rst).

### Public API Declaration [1.iii]

All symbols in the installed headers are considered part of the public API.

> Except for the exclusions listed below, all installed headers are in the `include` directory of the package, headers in any other folders are not installed and considered private.

Reviewer 2: There are no exclusions.

### API Stability Policy [1.iv]

> `libstatistics_collector` will not break public API within a released ROS distribution, i.e. no major releases once the ROS distribution is released.

Reviewer 2: This section is supposed to talk about API stability within major versions right?

Reviewer 2: This still needs to be addressed.

### ABI Stability Policy [1.v]

> `libstatistics_collector` contains C++ code and therefore must be concerned with ABI stability, and will maintain ABI stability within a ROS distribution.

Reviewer 2: Same

### ABI and ABI Stability Within a Released ROS Distribution [1.vi]

`libstatistics_collector` will not break API nor ABI within a released ROS distribution, i.e. no major releases once the ROS distribution is released.

## Change Control Process [2]

`libstatistics_collector` follows the recommended guidelines for ROS Core packages in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#change-control-process).

### Change Requests [2.i]

All changes will occur through a pull request, check [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#change-control-process) for additional information.

### Contributor Origin [2.ii]

> This package uses DCO as its confirmation of contributor origin policy. More information can be found in [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer 2: Should there be a signoff clause in the contributing.md for it to be DCO?

Currently nightly results can be seen here:

* [linux-aarch64_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux-aarch64_release/lastCompletedBuild/testReport/libstatistics_collector/)
* [linux_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux_release/lastCompletedBuild/testReport/libstatistics_collector/)
* [mac_osx_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_osx_release/lastCompletedBuild/testReport/libstatistics_collector/)
* [windows_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_win_rel/lastCompletedBuild/testReport/libstatistics_collector/)

###  Documentation Policy [2.v]

All pull requests must resolve related documentation changes before merging.

## Documentation [3]

### Feature Documentation [3.i]

`libstatistics_collector` has a [feature list](https://github.com/ros-tooling/libstatistics_collector/blob/master/README.md) and each item in the list links to the corresponding feature documentation. There is documentation for all of the features, and new features require documentation before being added.

### Public API Documentation [3.ii]

> The API is not publicly available yet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API documentation is not publicly available yet.

```

### License [3.iii]

The license for `libstatistics_collector` is Apache 2.0, and a summary is in each source file, the type is declared in the [`package.xml`](./package.xml) manifest file, and a full copy of the license is in the [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) file.

> There is an automated test which runs a linter that ensures each file has a license statement. [Here](http://build.ros2.org/view/Epr/job/Epr__libstatistics_collector__ubuntu_bionic_amd64/lastCompletedBuild/testReport/libstatistics_collector/) can be found a list with the latest results of the various linters being run on the package.

Reviewer: The linter test link is broken, expected?

Reviewer 2: Probably should point to ci.ros2.org. @ahcorde Fix this link and below.

https://ci.ros2.org/job/nightly_linux_release/lastBuild/testReport/libstatistics_collector/

Each part of the public API has tests, and new additions or changes to the public API require tests before being added.
The tests aim to cover both typical usage and corner cases, but are quantified by contributing to code coverage.

### Coverage [4.iii]

`libstatistics_collector` follows the recommendations for ROS Core packages in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#code-coverage), and opts to use line coverage instead of branch coverage.

This includes:

- tracking and reporting line coverage statistics
- achieving and maintaining a reasonable branch line coverage (90-100%)
- no lines are manually skipped in coverage calculations

Changes are required to make a best effort to keep or increase coverage before being accepted, but decreases are allowed if properly justified and accepted by reviewers.

Each time that a new PR is created [codecov](https://codecov.io/) will create diagram to show the current status of the test coverage and how this PR will affect the coverage of the package. Latest codecov result report can be seen [here](https://codecov.io/gh/ros-tooling/libstatistics_collector).

### Performance [4.iv]

> It is not yet defined if this package requires performance testing and how addresses this topic.

Reviewer 2: "This package does not yet have performance testing."

Reviewer: Is this created manually for each package or is there template defined somewhere?

Author: Yes, it's created manually

Reviewer 2: Sentence still needs to be fixed.

The `rosidl_default_runtime` provides CMake functionality for finding and adding runtime dependencies for rosidl packages.

It is **Quality Level 4**, see its [Quality Declaration document](https://github.com/ros2/rosidl_defaults/blob/master/rosidl_default_runtime/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md).

#### `statistics_msgs`

The `statistics_msgs` package contains ROS 2 message definitions for reporting statistics for topics and system resources.

It is **Quality Level 4**, see its [Quality Declaration document](https://github.com/ros2/rcl_interfaces/blob/master/statistics_msgs/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md).

#### `std_msgs`

The `std_msgs` package provides many basic message types.

It is **Quality Level 4**, see its [Quality Declaration document](https://github.com/ros2/common_interfaces/blob/master/std_msgs/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md).

It has several "buildtool" dependencies, which do not affect the resulting quality of the package, because they do not contribute to the public library API.
It also has several test dependencies, which do not affect the resulting quality of the package, because they are only used to build and run the test code.

### Direct Runtime non-ROS Dependency [5.iii]

> `libstatistics_collector` has no run-time or build-time dependencies that need to be considered for this declaration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`libstatistics_collector` has no non-ROS runtime or build-time dependencies that need to be considered for this declaration.

```
